[Music]
hi I'm Cassidy from BBC good food and
I'm going to show you how to make
chocolate truffles
so I finally chopped my chocolate and
put it in a bowl and I've got some cream
and butter in a saucepan which I'm just
going to bring to a gentle simmer until
the butters melted so as soon as the
butter is melted you want to take the
mixture off the heat if it's too hot
when you pour it onto the chocolate it
could cause the mixture to slip so this
looks great
I'm just going to pour that all over the
top of the chocolate so this is called a
ganache so now the hot cream and butter
will melt the chocolate so we just need
to stir it all together and at this
point you can add some flavorings if you
want so if you want to add some alcohol
or some orange zest that would be really
nice okay so our chocolate ganache has
been in the fridge for a couple of hours
and it's firmed up if it gets too firm
you can just leave it at room
temperature for half an hour or so until
it's softened enough to roll it so I'm
going to all my hands a little bit
before I start rolling the chocolate and
if you just stop crackle it from
sticking to you now using a teaspoon
just take a small amount of the ganache
and roll it into a ball
now you can drop it into whatever
toppings you like I'm using some chopped
hazelnuts and some crushed amaretti
biscuits here and just roll it around
and peel it completely covered
you could also roll them in some cocoa
powder if you want to keep them nut free
so they just need to go in the fridge
for a couple of hours to firm up and
they'll keep in there for up to three
days perfect for giving as a gift so
there you go that's how you make BBC
good food chocolate truffles